
About the job
At Google DeepMind, we value diversity of experience, knowledge, backgrounds and perspectives and harness these qualities to create extraordinary impact. We are committed to equal employment opportunities regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, pregnancy, or related condition (including breastfeeding) or any other basis as protected by applicable law. If you have a disability or additional need that requires accommodation, please do not hesitate to let us know.

Snapshot

We’re looking for a talented Events Manager to join our Events and Experiences team, supporting the Product Impact Unit, at an exciting time in our history.

This is a rare opportunity to plan and deliver internal and external events that help drive connection, collaboration and knowledge sharing across multiple locations, time zones and disciplines. Our internal events play a key role in helping to shape and amplify Google DeepMind’s culture , enabling collaboration and celebrating key moments for the organisation at an important stage of our journey. Our external facing events allow us to showcase our groundbreaking technology and products, develop partnerships, build trust and advocacy and attract top class talent.

About Us

Artificial Intelligence could be one of humanity’s most useful inventions. At Google DeepMind, we’re a team of scientists, engineers, machine learning experts and more, working together to advance the state of the art in artificial intelligence. We use our technologies for widespread public benefit and scientific discovery, and collaborate with others on critical challenges, ensuring safety and ethics are the highest priority.

The role

As a Google DeepMind Events Manager, you will be a part of the global Google DeepMind Events and Experiences team and also embedded in the Product Impact Unit (PIU). Your role will be to predominantly focus on events and experiences for the Product Impact Unit whose mission is to accelerate intelligent experiences across Google’s platforms and products. In this role you will also partner with other teams across Google DeepMind to plan and manage events for Google DeepMinders across the globe. Events could include a variety of internal events such as Town Halls, offsites, summits, hackathons, and celebrations to drive collaboration, knowledge sharing and connection. You will also be responsible for developing a program of external events for the PIU including activations at tech industry events and conferences, developer events, demo showcases, dinners and receptions, many in partnership with other teams across Google.

Key responsibilities

In this role, you will:

Gain a deep understanding of the mission and key objectives of Google DeepMind and the Product Impact Unit.
Partner closely with the Unit Operations team in the Product Impact Unit to ensure alignment across Unit activities.
Work autonomously as well as part of the global Events & Experiences team.
Proactively design a strategic internal and external program of global events aligned with the Unit’s mission and goals.
Respond quickly to briefs from Unit leads to create event experiences in support of specific objectives, often with a short lead time.
Partner with teams across Google DeepMind and Google (Operations, Research, Engineering, Marketing Communications, Brand, People and Culture) to ensure seamless event planning and execution.
Brief external agencies on production and technical requirements for a wide range of internal and external events.
Build strong relationships with internal stakeholders and external vendors to foster effective collaboration.
Develop and implement creative and innovative solutions to address complex project challenges.
Apply your events knowledge and experience to evolve the Google DeepMind event experience and streamline processes.
Manage a range of internal events such as operational meetings, town halls, immersion summits and cultural and social programs.
Efficiently manage multiple event projects at one time.
Gather and review event success metrics to inform key decisions for future programs
Create materials in collaboration with internal teams and external agencies.
Develop and maintain detailed project plans, timelines, and budgets.
Work from the Mountain View office 3 days a week managing events both onsite at our Google and Google DeepMind offices and externally, which will require some national and international travel.
Ensure events are compliant with all health and safety, regulatory and other governance.

About You

You are a strong all-round events professional with vast experience of all aspects of event management. You have experience of working for a global company and recognise the regional nuances that need to be considered when planning international events. You understand the importance of internal events and creating the right environments to allow teams across the company to connect and collaborate together. You also have experience of designing external programs of events and engagements with key audiences, to align with business goals and missions.

In order to set you up for success as an Events Manager at Google DeepMind, we look for the following skills and experience:

A portfolio of a minimum of 5 years events experience that demonstrates a breadth of events of varying scope, scale and audiences. 
A good understanding of the Product Impact Unit’s audience which is predominantly consumers, customers, developers, creators and advertisers. 
Experience creating events that build culture and employee engagement
A natural problem solver.
Curious and always open to new ideas and learning opportunities.
Creative and innovative and excited by charting new paths.
A history of integrating and adapting quickly into working cultures and liaising with stakeholders at various levels. 
A good network and knowledge of the events industry and current and future trends.
Track record of working with and managing agencies and other partners.
Extensive experience of managing multiple, complex projects simultaneously, from start to finish.
Budget management skills.
Comfortable navigating change and ambiguity and working at pace
The ability to work independently as well as part of a team with a collaborative and inclusive approach.
Interest or experience in science and innovative technology, including in the field of artificial intelligence research. 

The US base salary range for this full-time position is between $135000 - $207000 + bonus + equity + benefits.

Application deadline: 12pm PT Friday 7 February

Note: In the event your application is successful and an offer of employment is made to you, any offer of employment will be conditional on the results of a background check, performed by a third party acting on our behalf. For more information on how we handle your data, please see our Applicant and Candidate Privacy Policy.